{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red48\green48\blue48;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green47\blue52;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c24706\c24706\c24706;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c21569\c24314\c26667;\csgray\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat4\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8640\viewh14020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Let\'92s talk about the challenges and the disadvantages of Big Data.\
Companies that are hoping to use big data will need to modify their entire approach as data flowing into the company becomes constant rather than periodic, so instead of receiving insights every week, they receive them all the time: this requires major strategic changes for many businesses. The next issue is that real-time big data demands the ability to conduct sophisticated analyses and companies who fail to do this correctly open themselves up to implementing entirely incorrect strategies organization-wide.  \
Another big issue for companies is security. First off, 
\f1 \cf4 \cb5 Non-relational databases (NoSQL) are actively evolving, making it difficult for security solutions to keep up with demand. \
When a system receives a large amount of information, it should be validated to remain trustworthy and accurate. This practice does not always occur, however. \
And due to the size of Big Data, its origins are not consistently monitored and tracked.\
\
The other main disadvantages of big data are privacy related
\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When you combine someone\'92s personal information with vast external data sets, you can infer new facts about that person (such as the fact that they are showing early signs of Parkinson\'92s disease, or are unconsciously drawn toward products that are colored red or purple). And when it comes to such facts, a person a) might not want the data owner to know b) might not want anyone to know c) might not even know themselves. The fact is, humans like to control what other people do and do not know about them\'97that\'92s the core of what privacy is, and data mining threatens to violate that principle.
\f2 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf6 \cb7 Big data can further tilt the playing field toward big institutions and away from individuals. In economic terms, it accentuates the information asymmetries of big companies over other economic actors and allows for people to be manipulated. If a store can gain insight into just how badly I want to buy something, just how much I can afford to pay for it, just how knowledgeable I am about the marketplace, or the best way to scare me into buying it, it can extract the maximum profit from me.
\f1 \cf4 \cb7 \
}